# Natural Progression Changelog (1.19.x)

## 2.3.4.1

### Fixed

- Mangrove recipes not being included (Definitely didn't forget all about em!)
- Log spam for Create Pebble -> Block recipes - forgot to add Forge conditions there!

## 2.3.4

Initial port from 1.18. This comes with a pretty big world gen change:

Pebbles & Twigs now use the `biome_modifier` feature added by Forge for 1.19. This means that Natural Progression now properly registers all features generated by the mod, and you can now control these features a bit more using Datapacks. If you look at [the `biome_modifier` directory](https://github.com/oitsjustjose/Natural-Progression/tree/1.19.x/src/main/resources/data/natprog/forge/biome_modifier), you can see where Natural Progression's world generation features are being added to world generation.

### _If_ Pebbles & Twigs Generate

If you want to disable either feature, you just override the file and replace it with these contents below. This makes it such that the feature is **completely** turned off, allowing you to fully disable Pebbles or Twigs.

```json
{ "type": "forge:none" }
```

### _Where_ Pebbles & Twigs Generate

Pebbles & Twigs generate in a given biome using Biome Tags. You can see the tags in the `biome_modifier` files:

```json5
{
  ...
  "biomes": "#natprog:can_have_twigs", // ←-- This is what you're looking for
  ...
}
```

To change what biomes Twigs / Pebbles can generate in, modify [either of these tags](https://github.com/oitsjustjose/Natural-Progression/tree/1.19.x/src/main/resources/data/natprog/tags/worldgen/biome) respectively to include / exclude the biomes you want. Just remember, if you're **removing** a biome or biome tag, be sure to use `"replace": true`. If you're just adding biomes / biome tags to this biome tag, you don't have to replace anything.
